[Intro]
Hi, I'm Chris.
[What inspired you to purse graphic design?]
I didn't know what I wanted to do as a career until
I was 26 years old.
I felt unfulfilled and generally unhappy for a long time,
working construction and other jobs.
It was when I moved to Ottawa, and I met my cousins wife
who had taken this program just a year or two prior.
Just through talking to her and she giving me all the details of the program
and what you do as a graphic designer
I just felt this fire inside of me spark up.
It's been burning ever since
and I really feel like it's what I'm supposed to do,
It's what I want to do.
[What influences your work as a designer?]
I try to find inspiration in everything around me,
all the time. So definitely my environment, trying new things,
talking to new people, conversations with my classmates, other designers
There's probably a huge list of things that affect me subconsciously.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
Personally, I think my compassion, my empathy, my honesty
and my openness are what make me unique.
I really care about my work and my clients,
And just everyone's happiness
a lot.
[What is your favourite class in the program?]
I really enjoyed Motion and Typography the most.
Making things come to life with animation is super cool,
and working with type, I think, one of my strongest skill sets.
[What is your favourite font? What font describes your personality?]
Well, I don't have a favourite font, I don't think,
but I definitely have a few go-to's.
Sofia, Freight, Kepler,
there's a few others but those are pretty solid.
As for a font that describes my personality?
Um... maybe Whomp.
I dunno. I like the name, it's kind of funky.
Yeah, Whomp.
[What does graphic design mean to you?]
It's solving a problem, communicating a message, helping someone,
enhancing some aspect of this life through
the appropriate avenues, while having fun.
There is definitely a lot of research and ideation that goes into great design,
I think.
[Outro]